`azurerm_managed_disk` - Support `optimized_frequent_attach_enabled` and `performance_plus_enabled` (#23241)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/managed_disk.html.markdown

~> **NOTE:** Setting logical sector size is supported only with `UltraSSD_LRS` disks and `PremiumV2_LRS` disks.

> * `optimized_frequent_attach_enabled` - (Optional) Whether the feature of improving reliability and performance of data disks that are frequently (more than 5 times a day) detached from one virtual machine and attached to another is enabled. This property should not be set for disks that are not detached and attached frequently as it causes the disks to not align with the fault domain of the virtual machine. Defaults to `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `optimized_frequent_attach_enabled` - (Optional) Specifies whether this Managed Disk should be optimized for frequent disk attachments (where a disk is attached/detached more than 5 times in a day). Defaults to `false`.

-> **Note:** Setting `optimized_frequent_attach_enabled` to `true` causes the disks to not align with the fault domain of the Virtual Machine, which can have operational implications.
```

> * `performance_plus_enabled` - (Optional) Whether performance plus is enabled for this disk. Performance plus is only supported for UltraSSD disks. Defaults to `false`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Author: Doc updated. Thanks.
